when I got the call to say that I was
gonna be doing strictly come dancing it
was a mixture of excitement and terror
the thing that I'm most looking forward
to is hopefully learning to be able to
dance in an acceptable way and also I
you know the costumes James the whole
package I think he's something that I'm
really really looking forward to my
favorite performer of all time has to be
alesha dixon I just thought she was
absolutely fantastic and I actually came
and watched the show live when she was
the year that she was in it and she was
just amazing so make sure you watch me
zoe lucker this autumn on Strictly Come
Dancing BBC one